README.md, before:

<img src="src/assets/img/icon-128.png" width="64"/>

# Chrome Extension - Retool Embedder

> @TODO: Work on Publishing to the Chrome Store

!["Options Page Screenshot"](/screenshots/options.png?raw=true "Screenshot of the extension's options page")
!["Workflow App Name Provider Screenshot"](/screenshots/workflow.png?raw=true "Screenshot of the extension's workflow feature")

## Installing and Running

### Using this:

1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/khill-fbmc/chrome-ext-retool-embedder/releases).
2. Extract the zip.
3. You will get a `build` folder.
4. Rename / Move this folder somewhere that is easy to reference.
5. Load your extension on Chrome following:
   1. Access `chrome://extensions/`
   2. Check `Developer mode`
   3. Click on `Load unpacked extension`
   4. Select the folder from step `4` folder.

### Hacking On This:

1. Check if your [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version is >= **18**.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
4. Run `npm start`
5. Load your extension on Chrome following:
   1. Access `chrome://extensions/`
   2. Check `Developer mode`
   3. Click on `Load unpacked extension`
   4. Select the `build` folder.

---

Based off the work in [Chrome Extension Boilerplate React](https://github.com/lxieyang/chrome-extension-boilerplate-react.git)

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit bdc6ef87f8aa9be71f28a4570a117dd65ac4ba02
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Thu Jul 25 11:58:07 2024 -0700

    removing home grown events, not needed except for storage

commit 6ae706624b1bd1805a519ac3ef3ea84048928cc2
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Thu Jul 25 06:49:53 2024 -0700

    adding to readme and logo images trial

commit a2645db26626f16602bf766905403b66cb0b7fea
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Wed Jul 24 05:49:48 2024 -0700

    adding bundle and zip scripts. removing content script

commit fde8a82a48043b13a2db15a9997b29f72f0da548
Merge: a3e4323 ca4ad35
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Wed Jul 24 05:35:37 2024 -0700

    Merge branch 'main' into devel

commit a3e43237798542fd7a07d7d1ccbe493e5f827fb3
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Wed Jul 24 05:10:15 2024 -0700

    fixing some css to remove the margin on the sides

commit a8af4648fa888d4449cbe2bb6e04f3b4474715ee
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Wed Jul 24 05:02:38 2024 -0700

    cleaning up things

commit 7e54e6dfbd908a13c3ad965a8f6db58f8b69116d
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 23 20:16:35 2024 -0700

    updating provider to be a feature with toggle

commit 9cafd8120347526f8d65a74f0d0f917529287aea
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 23 16:28:04 2024 -0700

    refactoring some state into hooks

commit 9c200db90072832227310ae10f123c6f0d814203
Author: Kevin Hill <kevin.hill@fortunabmc.com>
Date:   Tue Jul 23 06:34:06 2024 -0700

    adding new storage class with update event using message passing.

README.md, after:

# Chrome Extension - Retool Embedder

<br />
<br />
<p align="center" width="100%">
   <img src="src/assets/img/logo_256.png" />
</p>
<br />

## TODOs

- [ ] Publish to the Chrome Store

## Screenshots

!["Options Page Screenshot"](/screenshots/options.png?raw=true "Screenshot of the extension's options page")
!["Workflow App Name Provider Screenshot"](/screenshots/workflow.png?raw=true "Screenshot of the extension's workflow feature")

## Installing and Running

1. ~~Download and install from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/)~~. (not yet!)
2. Fill in your instance name.
3. Fill in an app name.
4. Open the SidePanel by clicking the button
5. Profit!

### Hacking On This:

1. Check if your [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version is >= **18**.
2. Clone this repository.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
4. Run `npm start`
5. Load your extension on Chrome following:
   1. Access `chrome://extensions/`
   2. Check `Developer mode`
   3. Click on `Load unpacked extension`
   4. Select the `build` folder.

---

Based off the work in [Chrome Extension Boilerplate React](https://github.com/lxieyang/chrome-extension-boilerplate-react.git)
Thanks to [kevenodes](https://www.vecteezy.com/members/kevenodes) @ vecteezy for the free crate svg.
